Add error handling documentation (#33)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/essentials/error-handling/index.md

description: How to handle errors with the SDK
order: 100
---

# Error handling

> All SDK methods can throw subclasses of [KuzzleException](/sdk/csharp/1/exceptions/kuzzle-exception) in case of failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All SDK methods can throw exception inheriting from [KuzzleException](/sdk/csharp/1/exceptions/kuzzle-exception) in case of failure.
```

> All SDK methods can throw exception inheriting from [KuzzleException](/sdk/csharp/1/exceptions/kuzzle-exception) in case of failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All SDK methods can throw exceptions inheriting from [KuzzleException](/sdk/csharp/1/exceptions/kuzzle-exception) in case of failure.
```
